hey folks its tan from people cars.com
and you know we spend an awful lot of
time talking about some of the beautiful
pre-owned vehicles that we have here on
our lot on our website online right now
but I also want to remind you that we
are your one-stop destination for your
new car needs we do have very successful
Chevrolet dealership we also have the
Suzuki dealership that I am filming out
of right now and I wanted to show you
something that's very exciting in our
new car line in the Suzuki line that is
of course this is uki SX for all-wheel
drive I know you're probably thinking
now Dan we know all about this car this
car was so well received this car took
the world by storm in 2006 but I wanted
to also let you know that this year for
the 2010 model year there have been some
nice changes to the vehicle a little bit
refinements I mean as you can see it's
still the same looking vehicle that you
remember very versatile with the
hatchback but they did make a couple
little tweaks that I wanted to share
with you today just to remind everybody
Suzuki has had a winner in this car it's
been our best seller for years by
offering the world's most affordable
all-wheel drive nicely equipped very
powerful with a tremendous amount of
warranty on it I mean we're talking
seven years hundred thousand mile
transferable warranty that comes along
on these cars the reviews and the
ratings on this vehicle are just off the
chart I mean how many manufacturers
nowadays are telling you to go read what
current current driver wrote in track
consumer reports are encouraging you to
read what they're honest subjective
reviews are I'm telling you folks go to
those websites today look up this car
you are going to be amazed
and what you find and how well-received
this vehicle really is safety ratings
again off the churches this car has a
six airbag system in it for a vehicle in
its class it's just a tremendous amount
of safety built in and you're probably
wondering what these changes are that I
mentioned earlier in the driveline
Suzuki absolutely did not abandon that
powerhouse engine that you know I like
to brag about the 2.0 that puts out 150
horse the engine that they've had on the
road since the 2000 model year and it's
been very successful for free firm
that's in place still but now it's in
conjunction with a constant velocity
transmission the CVT transmission and
folks if you don't know what that means
traditional gears are replaced and it's
a constant steady flow up and down the
range of ratios available
there's no surging the engine between
one gear and the next and then dropping
back down if you are a driver if you're
someone who watches the tachometer you
know what happens to the rpms when a
vehicle shifts from one gear to another
this does not happen in this vehicle it
is a very fluid up and down the range of
power and it also delivers better
economy that way as it's not going
through constant fluctuations now of
course that's in the automatic version
of it there aren't big surprise for
those of you that like a standard that
like the stick shift this year's model
is introducing it as a 6-speed manual
instead of a five so that's right model
yours in the past have been a five-speed
and now when you get it in the standard
model it is a six-speed manual
transmission coupled with that high
output engine it's just a little monster
and something that did not change in
this vehicle as it is still the most
affordable all-wheel drive on the market
today this vehicle as it sits is 89 MSRP
and you know we're not going to ask you
for MSRP we love the deal we like to
undercut the other guy and I just wanted
to show you though you're probably
thinking okay to get the most affordable
all-wheel drive on the market to get it
to that price they must really strip
this vehicle down I'm gonna have crank
up windows and I'm not going to have any
power options that is just not true
folks if you look down here power
windows and power locks you can't get it
any other way so zuki will not make you
on with cranked up windows do not skimp
on your comfort to make their price as
you look over here you've also got your
air conditioning your CD player you've
got a very roomy spacious black interior
very forgiving on stains tremendous
amount of headroom six airbags package
that all up into your past all-wheel
drive value and they've just got a
winner on this market that's been proven
year after year again keep